Q1.	How long did you spend on the technical test? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time 
on the technical test then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

A1. Around 90  minutes were spent on the developed script. Within this timeframe, I was able to run a script which would show the results
of restaurants that were open at the time of search. If there was more time, I could have demonstrated results according to the availability
of the restaurants at that time, for example, there could be restaurants taking pre orders for a later time, or restaurants that are 
unavailable or aren't taking orders at that time.


Q2.	What do you think is the most interesting trend in test automation?

A2. Hyper automation is the way to the future, which combines a bunch of technologically advanced tools and processes like Artificial 
Intelligence, Machine learning etc. to sophisticate the ever evolving automation industry. This should be acheived in collaboration with 
humans, who can interpret data and make vital decisions with the information. 

3.	How would you implement test automation in a legacy application? Have you ever had to do this?

A3. I have never had a chance to work on the automation of legacy applications.

4.	How would you improve the customer experience of the JUST EAT website?

4A. a) The search options could have been more explorable with different search criteria like name of the restaurant or allowing the user to
select a distance range from their current location, or the type of food they are looking for
    b) A link to google maps and selection of restaurants from the map could have been given.
    
5.	Please describe yourself using JSON.

5A. {
      "firstname": "Akhil",
      "lastname": "Abraham",
      "age": 30,
      "nationality": "Indian",
      "currentcity": "Toronto",
      "interests": ["Volunteer Work", "Traveling", "Sports"],
      "strengths": ["Team Player", "Attention to Detail", "Dedicated", "Innovative", "Analytical"],
      "dreams": ["Embrace technology to make this world a better place!"]
    }

